Do you want to bring your ideas to life, in the 3D
world? Hi, I'm Mikey! And I'm Ben!
And I've been teaching people, educating them,
and reassuring them with technology, for the last 10 years.
And I'm the coauthor of the Complete Unity
Developer, which is the most successful game development course on
Udemy, with over 15,000 very happy students,
and I want to work with Michael to make an equally
amazing Blender course for you! So, what's Blender Mikey?
Well, Blender is a wonderful 3D tool and animation
tool. If you've got a Mac or PC, you can start
using it immediately. And we're going to create a course from
the very fundamentals, up to some much more complicated
stuff. So, where are we going to start? So, I think a good place to start
would be with a simple bowling pin and a bowling ball, something
just off geometric just a little bit
outside of what you could do in Unity, on it's own. And
then, move on from there to something slightly more complicated, like a
chess set. So, much more complicated, a few more
models a few more techniques to learn there, but that's getting
a bit boring, we need to add some movement into this. How are we going to do that?
So, remember the little lamp in the films? I won't use any
brand names here, but he kind of looks around and kicks things around.
That type of animation, with a nonliving object, but with all
the animation principles is where we're going next. Moving from there,  we're
going to... make a cute little bunny! Aww! Yes!
So, that's going to learn how you put
things together. It's called rigging, how the bones work in an
animal or creature, so you can control the animation with much more
fidelity. Absolutely! And use animation engines
to help you animate those things. And then, finally the hardest thing
to do, of course, is to make something that looks human like. And that's going to be our pièce
de résistance, is to bring that for you, because
you're really going to have to bring all your skills together, to make something that looks even
remotely believable as a humanoid, which will be the final
type of character. We've also got ideas to include buildings
and other types of models in the course, as per your
feedback, as this Kickstarter unfolds. So, Blender is
going to be a fantastic tool for you! It's going to be your gateway to 3D!
We want to make this amazing course! We need the money so that Mikey can
quit his job and go 100% at this, and make this course
for you! So, back the project now, you won't be disappointed and we'll see you
in the course! Take care!